### Simple React Native Demo

## About

This app was made using this tutorial: https://www.raywenderlich.com/126063/react-native-tutorial

This was a great introduction to React-Native and it was very easy for me to understand as it is almost identical to React. There were a few differences in syntax (component constructor methods) but its basically the same. When I finished the tutorial I realized that all of the property links were linking to the same PropertyView component. Every link led to the same property, the first one on the list. I first looked at the JSON data which came back in the API request, it was good (the listings array had 20 unique property objects). From there the listings array is passed into the SearchResults component. In the SearchResults component, the app waits for a button to be pressed. When this happens, it identifies the property represented by that button by a certain attribute. I realized that the tutorial uses this specific attribute, JSON_DATA.guid, to pass information to the PropertyView component. The problem was that, for whatever reason, in the JSON response, none of the listing array's property objects had an attribute '.guid'. This was resulting in the filter method filtering by 'undefined' and therefore always just defaulting to the first property in the listings array. I solved this problem by simply changing the onPressed and rowPressed functions to identify properties by their title ('.title') rather than by their non-existent '.guid'. 
